**Git Usage**

	Leveraging Git, Docker, automated testing, and continuous integration can have tremendous benefits to a company.  Git as a source control provides many advances of centralized repositories. The branching capabilities support the capability to create feature segments that can provide a safe isolated environment to work on new functionality.  These branching and subsequent merging operations are also light weight and easy to merge back into the master branch.  This allows for a distributed development method where many features can be work on in separate branches at the same time which will speed up overall development time.  
	
	Docker is another useful tool that can help companies avoid some of the overhead that come with trying to run multiple applications on the same physical hardware or maintaining multiple full-fledged VMs to separate these processes.  It allows you to create containers with exactly what is required to run your code.  This eliminates conflicts such as different versions of .NET or python being required for various applications and worrying if the server you are deploying code to has these things installed.  You can package these libraries within your container so you can be sure nothing is missing and it won’t cause conflicts.  In the past you might deploy them to different servers but there are a lot of redundancies, such as running an operating system, on multiple machines that incur additional cost that can be eliminated.
	
	Automated testing and continuous integration can go hand in hand to create a fast and reliable method of development.  Automated testing is the use of separate software to run sample executions of a program and compare the output with expected results.  This can save hours of manual testing and facilitate rapid production new code.  The new code, since it can be validated so quickly, allows for many code integrations per day.  This is the process of continuous integrations.  The changes introduced in this method are usually relatively small which have the added benefit of being easier to debug if an error arises.
	
	It is clear to that the combination of these various technologies will allow projects to run more efficiently.  More developers will be able to collaborate concurrently and a controlled pipeline will be in place to quickly validate their contributions.   This will increase the overall productivity and competitiveness of companies.
	
